Diesel Generator

A Diesel generator is a device that converts motive power into electrical power for use in an external circuit. Sources of mechanical energy include steam turbines, gas turbines, water turbines, internal combustion engines and even hand cranks.

Sub Station Equipment

A substation is a part of an electrical generation, transmission, and distribution system. Substations transform voltage from high to low, or the reverse, or perform any of several other important functions. Between the generating station and consumer, electric power may flow through several substations at different voltage levels. A substation may include transformers to change voltage levels between high transmission voltages and lower distribution voltages, or at the interconnection of two different transmission voltages. We provide Transformers, HT Switchgear, LT Switchgear, PFI Plant.

Online UPS

An uninterruptible power supply is an electrical apparatus that provides emergency power to a load when the input power source or mains power fails. A UPS differs from an auxiliary or emergency power system or standby generator in that it will provide near-instantaneous protection from input power interruptions, by supplying energy stored in batteries, supercapacitors, or flywheels. On-line (VFI) UPS systems are regarded as 'high-end' and employ more sophisticated technology which uses a rectifier and inverter, hence "double-conversion". This effectively isolates the load from virtually all types of power supply problems. We provide ups of three different companies.

Solar Pump System

A solar-powered pump is a pump running on electricity generated by photovoltaic panels or the radiated thermal energy available from collected sunlight as opposed to grid electricity or diesel run water pumps. The operation of solar powered pumps is more economical mainly due to the lower operation and maintenance costs and has less environmental impact than pumps powered by an internal combustion engine. Solar pumps are useful where grid electricity is unavailable and alternative sources do not provide sufficient energy.

Gas Generator

A Gas generator is a device that converts motive power into electrical power for use in an external circuit. Sources of mechanical energy include steam turbines, gas turbines, water turbines, internal combustion engines and even hand cranks.

Security System

Wireless security cameras are closed-circuit television cameras that transmit a video and audio signal to a wireless receiver through a radio band. Many wireless security cameras require at least one cable or wire for power; "wireless" refers to the transmission of video/audio. However, some wireless security cameras are battery-powered, making the cameras truly wireless from top to bottom.

Automatic Voltage Regulator

To control the output of generator automatic voltage regulators are used. This is an active system. While the basic principle is the same, the system itself is more complex. An automatic voltage regulator (or AVR for short) consists of several components such as diodes, capacitors, resistors and potentiometers or even microcontrollers, all placed on a circuit board. This is then mounted near the generator and connected with several wires to measure and adjust the generator.

Instant Power Supply

Instant power supply is a source of power which supplies electricity stored in batteries to light electrical equipment. It is a backup source of power which helps to provide electricity if there is any failure in the permanent source of electricity. IPS supplies electricity instantly when the actual source fails to provide electricity.

Solar Power System

Solar power is the conversion of energy from sunlight into electricity, either directly using photovoltaics (PV), or indirectly using concentrated solar power. Concentrated solar power systems use lenses or mirrors and tracking systems to focus a large area of sunlight into a small beam. Photovoltaic cells convert light into an electric current using the photovoltaic effect.

